Please teach me the right way. host.
right. The Lord of Wholeness. It should be difficult to survive without killing.
As long as it's not bloody.
Accompanying, let you prepare things, are you ready?
Practicing wine, Jingzi, and practicing and worrying.
All ready.
What are these used for?
You just said that Shaokou Feng and Huo Long have almost practiced forgiveness again.
It's because there is an invisible voice speaking.
This practice of wine is used to kill these sounds.
The sound of its disappearance.
What you look at is not everything.
There are also many small, invisible sounds.
How about eating and drinking?
Princess, stop joking.
I believe more in seeing Wei Shi
See Wei Shi
Some people just believe in seeing Wei Shi
It can only be a moment
You know you don’t want to
Princess, please show mercy
Let’s explore the family songs
A life that is invisible to the naked eye